people coming together in a market and working together to make those decisions. And that's what we'll teach you this semester, how the market works and how those that invisible hand can lead through the magic of the market to the right goods being produced and getting in the hands of the right people. Okay? So, that's a huge advantage, and it's worked. America is the richest nation in the world, we've grown rapidly for centuries now, um and we are um and and we're very successful. On the other hand, it leads to tremendous inequality. Because the way the right person to have the good is the person who can pay the most for it. Right? In the command economy, the right person to have the good, corruption aside, is who needs it the most. If you take our kidney example, the command economy would say, "Well, let's find the person close to death and give them the kidney." The capitalist economy would say, "Let's find the person willing to pay the most to give them the kidney." Well, that's unfair. And that is an inevitable outcome of a capitalist economy. America is the most unequal major nation in the world. Our inequality dwarfs what we see in other countries around the world. The top 1% of Americans control 25% of all the income in the US. Which is which is at least 5% higher than any other major nation in the world. Okay? So, we have large inequality because basically the market is inevitable in a market that'll happen because people who want to pay the most get the stuff. Okay? So, that gives you the trade-off. The consensus, I would say, among virtually every economist is that a command economy is not the way to go. The debate is within the capitalist model how far the government should intervene. If you look at countries like Europe, they have a much more interventionist economies. You'll often hear European countries being called socialist. They're not socialist. Socialist means the government controls the industry. Socialist would be there's still consumers who get to decide what to buy, but the government produces everything. The government runs the banks. The government runs the airplanes. The government decides how much steel to produce. The government So, in substance, a socialist is sort of halfway between capitalist and command economy. Where the government does the production, but market forces decide the allocation. That's not true in any other major country in the world. Okay? These countries are all different levels of constrained capitalist economies. They're all different widths of those bowling alleys. Okay? In Europe and many European nations, they have much more constrained capitalist economies, much higher taxes, much more government intervention. Also much more equal. And what we'll be talking about this semester, and what I focus on much more in my course 1441, is how do we think about those tradeoffs? Between a freer economy which is larger, but leads to more inequality than the US, and a less free economy with less inequality. Okay? So, to guide you to where we're going to go, I'm really big on sort of making sure you have a big picture of where we are in this class. And once again, if you're confused not just about the little picture, but the big picture, let's talk. I do urge people to come talk to me. I generally, my rule is if it's like a question about a problem set, go see the TAs. If it's a question about like I don't understand a concept, or I want to just talk about economics in general, or life in general, or music, or whatever, then come see me. Okay? And I really do urge you folks to come come see me. Uh now that I'm chairman, I have to be around all the time. So, I'm around plenty of time. Please just make an appointment and come see me. So, where we're going to go from here. What we're going to do, like I said, is the next few lectures we're going to map out what makes a demand curve. Then we're going to map out what makes a supply curve. Then we're going to put them together and talk about basically, in some sense, come back to where we started. But now with an understanding of what demand and supply mean, and why the equilibrium makes sense. We'll then talk about We'll then turn to normative economics and talk about why the market equilibrium is really the best outcome. We're then going to start to talk about where the standard We'll spend about the first, I would say, half of the class on the standard economic model. The second half of the class will be