So typically, maybe, x equal a half, y equal one will work. And sure enough it does. Okay, that's the first one. Now the second one is not going to go through the origin. It's always important. Do we go through the origin or not? In this case, yes, because there's a zero over there. In this case we don't go through the origin, because if x and y are zero, we don't get three. So, let me again say suppose y is zero, what x do we actually get? If y is zero, then I get x is minus three. So if y is zero, I go along minus three. So there's one point on this second line. Now let me say, well, suppose x is minus one -- just to take another x. If x is minus one, then this is a one and I think y should be a one, because if x is minus one, then I think y should be a one and we'll get that point. Is that right? If x is minus one, that's a one. If y is a one, that's a two and the one and the two make three and that point's on the equation. Okay. Now, I should just draw the line, right, connecting those two points at -- that will give me the whole line. And if I've done this reasonably well, I think it's going to happen to go through -- well, not happen -- it was arranged to go through that point. So I think that the second line is this one, and this is the all-important point that lies on both lines. Shall we just check that that point which is the point x equal one and y was two, right? That's the point there and that, I believe, solves both equations. Let's just check this. If x is one, I have a minus one plus four equals three, okay. Apologies for drawing this picture that you've seen before. But this -- seeing the row picture -- first of all, for n equal 2, two equations and two unknowns, it's the right place to start. Okay. So we've got the solution. The point that lies on both lines. Now can I come to the column picture? Pay attention, this is the key point. So the column picture. I'm now going to look at the columns of the matrix. I'm going to look at this part and this part. I'm going to say that the x part is really x times -- you see, I'm putting the two -- I'm kind of getting the two equations at once -- that part and then I have a y and in the first equation it's multiplying a minus one and in the second equation a two, and on the right-hand side, zero and three. You see, the columns of the matrix, the columns of A are here and the right-hand side b is there. And now what is the equation asking for? It's asking us to find -- somehow to combine that vector and this one in the right amounts to get that one. It's asking us to find the right linear combination -- this is called a linear combination. And it's the most fundamental operation in the whole course. It's a linear combination of the columns. That's what we're seeing on the left side. Again, I don't want to write down a big definition. You can see what it is. There's column one, there's column two. I multiply by some numbers and I add. That's a combination -- a linear combination and I want to make those numbers the right numbers to produce zero three. Okay. Now I want to draw a picture that, represents what this -- this is algebra. What's the geometry, what's the picture that goes with it? Okay. So again, these vectors have two components, so I better draw a picture like that. So can I put down these columns? I'll draw these columns as they are, and then I'll do a combination of them. So the first column is over two and down one, right? So there's the first column. The first column. Column one. It's the vector two minus one. The second column is -- minus one is the first component and up two. It's here. There's column two. So this, again, you see what its components are. Its components are minus one, two. Good. That's this guy. Now I have to take a combination. What combination shall I take? Why not the right combination, what the hell? Okay. So the combination I'm going to take is the right one to produce zero three and then we'll see it happen in the picture. So the right combination is to take x as one of those