So z actually can be anything. Again, it's going to be another plane. Each row in a three by three problem gives us a plane in three dimensions. So this one is going to be some other plane -- maybe I'll try to draw it like this. And those two planes meet in a line. So if I have two equations, just the first two equations in three dimensions, those give me a line. The line where those two planes meet. And now, the third guy is a third plane. And it goes somewhere. Okay, those three things meet in a point. Now I don't know where that point is, frankly. But -- linear algebra will find it. The main point is that the three planes, because they're not parallel, they're not special. They do meet in one point and that's the solution. But, maybe you can see that this row picture is getting a little hard to see. The row picture was a cinch when we looked at two lines meeting. When we look at three planes meeting, it's not so clear and in four dimensions probably a little less clear. So, can I quit on the row picture? Or quit on the row picture before I've successfully found the point where the three planes meet? All I really want to see is that the row picture consists of three planes and, if everything works right, three planes meet in one point and that's a solution. Now, you can tell I prefer the column picture. Okay, so let me take the column picture. That's x times -- so there were two xs in the first equation minus one x is, and no xs in the third. It's just the first column of that. And how many ys are there? There's minus one in the first equations, two in the second and maybe minus three in the third. Just the second column of my matrix. And z times no zs minus one zs and four zs. And it's those three columns, right, that I have to combine to produce the right-hand side, which is zero minus one four. Okay. So what have we got on this left-hand side? A linear combination. It's a linear combination now of three vectors, and they happen to be -- each one is a three dimensional vector, so we want to know what combination of those three vectors produces that one. Shall I try to draw the column picture, then? So, since these vectors have three components -- so it's some multiple -- let me draw in the first column as before -- x is two and y is minus one. Maybe there is the first column. y -- the second column has maybe a minus one and a two and the y is a minus three, somewhere, there possibly, column two. And the third column has -- no zero minus one four, so how shall I draw that? So this was the first component. The second component was a minus one. Maybe up here. That's column three, that's the column zero minus one and four. This guy. So, again, what's my problem? What this equation is asking me to do is to combine these three vectors with a right combination to produce this one. Well, you can see what the right combination is, because in this special problem, specially chosen by the lecturer, that right-hand side that I'm trying to get is actually one of these columns. So I know how to get that one. So what's the solution? What combination will work? I just want one of these and none of these. So x should be zero, y should be zero and z should be one. That's the combination. One of those is obviously the right one. Column three is actually the same as b in this particular problem. I made it work that way just so we would get an answer, (0,0,1), so somehow that's the point where those three planes met and I couldn't see it before. Of course, I won't always be able to see it from the column picture, either. It's the next lecture, actually, which is about elimination, which is the systematic way that everybody -- every bit of software, too -- production, large-scale software would solve the equations. So the lecture that's coming up. If I was to add that to the syllabus, will be about how to find x, y, z in all cases. Can I just think again, though, about the big picture? By the big picture I mean let's keep this same matrix on the left but imagine that we have a different right-hand side. Oh, let me take a different right-hand side. So I'll change that right-hand side to something that actually is also pretty special.