are called dictionaries in Python-- and data structures-- such as balanced binary search trees-- that are more efficient than just the regular binary search trees. And these are all data structures that were invented many decades ago. But they've stood the test of time, and they continue to be useful. We're going to augment these data structures in various ways to make them more efficient for certain kinds of problems. And while you're not going to be doing a whole lot of algorithm design in this class, you will be doing some design and a whole lot of analysis. The class following this one, 6.046 Designing Analysis of Algorithms, is a class that you should take if you like this one. And you can do a whole lot more design of algorithms in 6.046. But you will look at classic data structures and classical algorithms for these data structures, including things like sorting and matching, and so on. And one of the nice things about this class is that you'll be doing real implementations of these data structures and algorithms in Python. And in particular are each of the problem sets in this class are going to have both a theory part to them, and a programming part to them. So hopefully it'll all tie together. The kinds of things we're going to be talking about in lectures and recitations are going to be directly connected to the theory parts of the problem sets. And you'll be programming the algorithms that we talk about in lecture, or augmenting them, running them. Figuring out whether they work well on large inputs or not. So let me talk a little bit about the modules in this class and the problem sets. And we hope that these problem sets are going to be fun for you. And by fun I don't mean easy. I mean challenging and worthwhile, so at the end of it you feel like you've learned something, and you had some fun along the way. All right? So content wise-- --we have eight modules in the class. Each of which, roughly speaking, has a problem set associated with it. The first of these is what we call algorithmic thinking. And we'll kick start that one today. We'll look at a particular problem, as I mentioned, of peak finding. And as part of this, you're going to have a problem set that's going to go out today as well. And you'll find that in this problem set some of these algorithms I talk about today will be coded in Python and given to. A couple of them are going to have bugs in them. You'll have to analyze the complexity of these algorithms; figure out which ones are correct and efficient; and write a proof for one of them. All right? So that's sort of an example problem set. And you can expect that most of the problem sets are going to follow that sort of template. All right. So you'll get a better sense of this by the end of the day today for sure. Or a concrete sense of this, because we'll be done with lecture and you'll see your first problem set. We're going to be doing a module on sorting and trees. Sorting you now about, sorting a bunch of numbers. Imagine if you had a trillion numbers and you wanted to sort them. What kind of algorithm could use for that? Trees are a wonderful data structure. There's different varieties, the most common being binary trees. And there's ways of doing all sorts of things, like scheduling, and sorting, using various kinds of trees, including binary trees. And we have a problem set on simulating a logic network using a particular kind of sorting algorithm in a data structure. That is going to be your second problem set. And more quickly, we're going to have modules on hashing, where we do things like genome comparison. In past terms we compared a human genome to a rat genome, and discovered they were pretty similar. 99% similar, which is kind of amazing. But again, these things are so large that you have to have efficiency in the comparison methods that you use. And you'll find that if you don't get the complexity low enough, you just won't be able to complete-- your program won't be able to finish running within the time that your problem set is do. Right? Which is a bit of a problem. So that's something to keep in mind as you test your code. The fact is that you will get large inputs to run your code. And you want to keep complexity in mind as you're coding and thinking about the pseudocode, if you will, of your algorithm itself. We will talk about numerics.