the world was developed right here at MIT. Modern economics is born here because we introduce the tools of constrained optimization. Now, oh, over here I'm usually going to try to do like an outline of what we're covering. So, we talked about course details, what is micro? I just did that. talk about how we do that. What economics does, which is we use models and I'm talking about a model of supply How do we actually teach you all about these tradeoffs? Okay? The way we do it is by building simplified models. Okay, what is a model? A model is technically the description of any relationship between two or more variables is a model. Um, now, but unlike explain the relationship between energy and mass, we do not have scientific laws and constants in our universe. Okay? Economics is, as much as we hate to say it, not a real science. It is a social science. Which means that basically we don't have rigid laws that we can write down and say they're all they're everywhere applicable. Okay? We we have to use models to basically try to explain the world as much as we can. And so, in doing so, we have to make a set of simplifying assumptions. A set of simplifying assumptions to try to essentially trade off two goals. One goal is to explain as much as we can. The other goal is to have parsimonious models that I can teach you. Okay? The more complicated the model gets, the harder it is to teach, the harder it is to solve. This comes to the earlier question about are you really just trading off two goods? Well, of course you're never just trading off two goods. But, we're going to write our models like you are. And it's going to turn out that gives you all the intuition you need for a model with just three or four goods. It's just a lot easier math. So, it turns out everything you learn in a model with two goods tells you everything you need to know for a model with n goods. Just with easier math. So, that's the kind of simplifying assumption. That's a fairly um uh that's a fairly uh non-offensive simplifying assumption because it doesn't really change anything. We'll make other simplifying assumptions which are noxious and offensive. And we'll talk about those. And if you are offended by them and bothered and want to see what happens without those assumptions, then that's exactly why you should be economics major. Because that's really what we go on and do in the rest of the classes. Say, "Okay, now let's move on from these simplified models, add some richness, and see what it does to the world." Okay? Uh the statistician George Box uh once wrote that all models are wrong, but some are useful. Okay? And that's exactly what we're going to try to work with today. Okay? When I teach you economics, I'm going to try to teach it to you on three levels. Okay, the first one for MIT is mathematical. The second is graphical, and the third is intuitive. Really, if you want to succeed in this class, you need to understand all three. Now, not every model will I use all three. But, you want to understand all three of those concepts to really understand the material we're learning here. And we'll start with the model of supply and demand. The very first economic model developed by Adam Smith in 1776 in the book that was sort of the founding of economics, The Wealth of Nations. Adam Smith asked the question, um think about two goods. Think about water or think about diamonds. Okay? Nothing is more essential for life than water. We cannot function without it. Nothing is probably less essential for life than diamonds, especially back then when diamonds didn't have industrial uses. They were just baubles. Okay? Water is clearly just essential. Diamonds aren't. Yet, the price of diamonds is very high and water's essentially free. He asked, "How could this be?" And the answer is because what I've just described is only one half of the model of where we get the price of water or diamonds. I've described the demand. I've described the demand for water and diamonds. I've said the demand for water is much, much larger than the demand for diamonds. What I haven't talked about is the supply. Which is that the supply of water is even more relative to supply of diamonds. Water's everywhere, diamonds are rare to find. And what Adam Smith said is that while the demand for diamonds may not be as high as the demand for water, the supply of diamonds is much, much smaller than