Now in the case where I have greater than or equal to, then-- this is a homework question for you, and for the rest of you-- argue that any array will always have a peak. OK? Now if you didn't have the greater than or equal to, and you had a greater than, then can you make that argument? No, you can't. Right? So great question. In this case it's just a question-- You would want to modify this problem statement to find the peak. But if I had a different definition of a peak-- and this is part of algorithmic thinking. You want to be able to create algorithms that are general, so if the problem definition changes on you, you still have a starting point to go attack the second version of the problem. OK? So you could eliminate this in the case of the greater than or equal to definition. The "if it exists", because a peak will always exist. But you probably want to argue that when you want to show the correctness of your algorithm. And if in fact you had a different definition, well you would have to create an algorithm that tells you for sure that a peak doesn't exist, or find a peak if it exists. All right? So that's really the general case. Many a time it's possible that you're asked to do something, and you can't actually give an answer to the question, or find something that satisfies all the constraints required. And in that case, you want to be able to put up your hand and say, you know what? I searched long and hard. I searched exhaustively. Here's my argument that I searched exhaustively, and I couldn't find it. Right? If you do that, you get to keep your job. Right? Otherwise there's always the case that you didn't search hard enough. So it's nice to have that argument. All right? Great. Thanks for the question. Feel free to interrupt. Raise your hand, and I'm watching you guys, and I'm happy to answer questions at any time. So let's talk about the straightforward algorithm. The straightforward algorithm is something that starts from the left and just walks across. And you might have something that looks like that. All right? By that-- By this I mean the numbers are increasing as you start from the left, the peak is somewhere in the middle, and then things start decreasing. Right? So in this case, you know, this might be the peak. You also may have a situation where the peak is all the way on the right, you started from the left. And it's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, literally in terms of the numbers. And you're going to look at n elements going all the way to the right in order to find the peak. So in the case of the middle you'd look at n over 2 elements. If it was right in the middle. And the complexity, worst case complexity-- --is what we call theta n. And it's theta n, because in the worst case, you may have to look at all n elements. And that would be the case where you started from the left and you had to go all the way to the right. Now remember theta n is essentially something that's says of the order of n. So it gives you both the lower bound and an upper bound. Big [? O ?] of n is just upper bound. And what we're saying here is, we're saying this algorithm that starts from the left is going to, essentially, require in the worst case something that's a constant times n. OK? And you know that constant could be 1. You could certainly set things up that way. Or if you had a different kind of algorithm, maybe you could work on the constant. But bottom line, we're only concerned, at this moment, about as asymptotic complexity. And the asymptotic complexity of this algorithm is linear. All right? That make sense? OK. So someone help me do better. How can we do better? How can we lower the asymptotic complexity of a one dimensional peak finder? Anybody want to take a stab at that? Yeah? Back there. AUDIENCE: Do a binary search subset. You look at the middle, and whatever is higher-- whichever side is higher, then cut that in half, because you know there's a peak. PROFESSOR: On-- AUDIENCE: For example if you're in the middle on the right side-- there's a higher number on the right side-- then you would just look at that, because you know that your peak's somewhere in there. And you continue cutting in half. PROFESSOR: Excellent! Excellent! That's exactly right. So you can-- You can do something different, which