write an equation corresponding to the execution of this algorithm? And you say, T of n is the work that this algorithm does on-- as input of size n. OK? Then I can write this equation. And this theta 1 corresponds to the two comparisons that you do looking at-- potentially the two comparisons that you do-- looking at the left hand side and the right hand side. So that's-- 2 is a constant, so that's why we put theta 1. All right? So you get a cushion, too. Watch out guys. Whoa! Oh actually that wasn't so bad. Good. Veers left, Eric. Veers left. So if you take this and you start expanding it, eventually you're going to get to the base case, which is T of 1 is theta 1. Right? Because you have a one element array you just for that array it's just going to return that as a peak. And so if you do that, and you expand it all the way out, then you can write T of n equals theta 1 plus theta 1. And you're going to do this log to the base 2 of n times. And adding these all up, gives you a complexity theta log 2 of n. Right? So now you compare this with that. And there's really a huge difference. There's an exponential difference. If you coded up this algorithm in Python-- and I did-- both these algorithms for the 1D version-- and if you run it on n being 10 million or so, then this algorithm takes 13 seconds. OK? The-- The theta 10 algorithm takes 13 seconds. And this one takes 0.001 seconds. OK? Huge difference. So there is a big difference between theta n and theta log n. It's literally the difference between 2 raised to n, and n. It makes sense to try and reduce complexity as you can see, especially if you're talking about large inputs. All right? And you'll see that more clearly as we go to a 2D version of this problem. All right? So you can't really do better for the 1D. The 1D is a straightforward problem. It gets a little more interesting-- the problems get a little-- excuse me, the algorithms get a little more sophisticated when we look at a 2D version of peak finding. So let's talk about the 2D version. So as you can imagine in the 2D version you have a matrix, or a two dimensional array. And we'll say this thing has n rows and m columns. And now we have to define what a peak is. And it's a hill. It's the obvious definition of a peak. So if you had a in here, c, b, d, e. Then as you can guess, a is a 2D peak if, and only if, a greater than or equal to b; a greater than or equal to d, c and e. All right? So it's a little hill up there. All right? And again I've used the greater than or equal to here, so that's similar to the 1D in the case that you'll always find a peak in any 2D matrix. Now again I'll give you the straightforward algorithm, and we'll call it the Greedy Ascent algorithm. And the Greedy Ascent algorithm essentially picks a direction and, you know, tries to follow that direction in order to find a peak. So for example, if I had this particular-- --matrix; 14, 13, 12, 15, 9, 11, 17-- Then what might happen is if I started at some arbitrary midpoint-- So the Greedy Ascent algorithm has to make choices as to where to start. Just like we had different cases here, you have to make a choice as to where to start. You might want to start in the middle, and you might want to work your way left first. Or you're going to all-- You just keep going left, our keep going right. And if you hit an edge, you go down. So you make some choices as to what the default traversal directions are. And so if you say you want to start with 12, you are going to go look for something to left. And if it's greater than, you're going to follow that direction. If it's not, if it's less, then you're going to go in the other direction, in this case, for example. So in this case you'll go to 12, 13 , 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, and 20. And you'd find-- You 'd find this peak. Now I haven't given you the specific details of a Greedy Ascent algorithm. But I think if you look at the worst case possibilities here, with respect to a given matrix, and for any given starting point, and for any given strategy-- in terms of choosing left first,