so that the ninth column is the same as the eighth column, then it contributes nothing new and there would be right-hand sides b that I couldn't get. Can you sort of think about nine vectors in nine-dimensional space an take their combinations? That's really the central thought -- that you get kind of used to in linear algebra. Even though you can't really visualize it, you sort of think you can after a while. Those nine columns and all their combinations may very well fill out the whole nine-dimensional space. But if the ninth column happened to be the same as the eighth column and gave nothing new, then probably what it would fill out would be -- I hesitate even to say this -- it would be a sort of a plane -- an eight dimensional plane inside nine-dimensional space. And it's those eight dimensional planes inside nine-dimensional space that we have to work with eventually. For now, let's stay with a nice case where the matrices work, we can get every right-hand side b and here we see how to do it with columns. Okay. There was one step which I realized I was saying in words that I now want to write in letters. Because I'm coming back to the matrix form of the equation, so let me write it here. The matrix form of my equation, of my system is some matrix A times some vector x equals some right-hand side b. Okay. So this is a multiplication. A times x. Matrix times vector, and I just want to say how do you multiply a matrix by a vector? Okay, so I'm just going to create a matrix -- let me take two five one three -- and let me take a vector x to be, say, 1and 2. How do I multiply a matrix by a vector? But just think a little bit about matrix notation and how to do that in multiplication. So let me say how I multiply a matrix by a vector. Actually, there are two ways to do it. Let me tell you my favorite way. It's columns again. It's a column at a time. For me, this matrix multiplication says I take one of that column and two of that column and add. So this is the way I would think of it is one of the first column and two of the second column and let's just see what we get. So in the first component I'm getting a two and a ten. I'm getting a twelve there. In the second component I'm getting a one and a six, I'm getting a seven. So that matrix times that vector is twelve seven. Now, you could do that another way. You could do it a row at a time. And you would get this twelve -- and actually I pretty much did it here -- this way. Two -- I could take that row times my vector. This is the idea of a dot product. This vector times this vector, two times one plus five times two is the twelve. This vector times this vector -- one times one plus three times two is the seven. So I can do it by rows, and in each row times my x is what I'll later call a dot product. But I also like to see it by columns. I see this as a linear combination of a column. So here's my point. A times x is a combination of the columns of A. That's how I hope you will think of A times x when we need it. Right now we've got -- with small ones, we can always do it in different ways, but later, think of it that way. Okay. So that's the picture for a two by two system. And if the right-hand side B happened to be twelve seven, then of course the correct solution would be one two. Okay. So let me come back next time to a systematic way, using elimination, to find the solution, if there is one, to a system of any size and find out-- because the system-- because if elimination fails-- find out when there isn't a solution. Okay. Thanks.