whatever algorithm I want. And I'll probably end up using the more efficient algorithm, the binary search version that's gone all the way to the left of the board there. And let's say I find a binary peak at (i, j). Because I've picked a column, and I'm just finding a 1D peak. So this is j equals m over 2. That's i. Now I use (i,j). In particular row i as a start-- --to find a 1D peak on row i. And I stand up here, I'm really happy. OK? Because I say, wow. I picked a middle column, I found a 1D peak, that is theta m complexity to find a 1D peak as we argued. And one side-- the theta m-- AUDIENCE: Log n. PROFESSOR: Oh, I'm sorry. You're right. The log n complexity, that's what this was. So I do have that here. Yeah. Log n complexity. Thanks, Eric. And then once I do that, I can find a 1D peak on row i. In this case row i would be m wide, so it would be log m complexity. If n equals m, then I have a couple of steps of log n, and I'm done. All right? Am I done? No. Can someone tell me why I'm not done? Precisely? Yep. AUDIENCE: Because when you do the second part to find the peak in row i, you might not have that column peak-- There might not be a peak on the column anymore. PROFESSOR: That's exactly correct. So this algorithm is incorrect. OK? It doesn't work. It's efficient, but incorrect. OK? It's-- You want to be correct. You know being correcting and inefficient is definitely better than being inefficient-- I'm sorry. Being incorrect and efficient. So this is an efficient algorithm, in the sense that it will only take log n time, but it doesn't work. And I'll give you a simple example here where it doesn't work. The problem is-- --a 2D peak-- --may not exist-- --on row i. And here's an example of that. Actually this is-- This is exactly the example of that. Let's say that I started with this row. Since it's-- I'm starting with the middle row, and I could start with this one or that one. Let's say I started with that one. I end up finding a peak. And if this were 10 up here, I'd choose 12 as a peak. And it's quite possible that I return 12 as a peak. Even though 19 is bigger, because 12 is a peak given 10 and 11 up here. And then when I choose this particular row, and I find a peak on this row, it would be 14. That is a 1D peak on this row. But 14 is not a 2D peak. OK? So this particular example, 14 would return 14. And 14 is not a 2D peak. All right? You can collect your cushion after the class. So not so good. Look like an efficient algorithm, but doesn't work. All right? So how can we get to something that actually works? So the last algorithm that I'm going to show you-- And you'll see four different algorithms in your problem set-- --that you'll have to analyze the complexity for and decide if they're efficient, and if they're correct. But here's a-- a recursive version that is better than, in terms of complexity, than the Greedy Ascent algorithm. And this one works. So what I'm going to do is pick a middle column. j equals m over 2 as before. I'm going to find the global maximum on column j. And that's going to be at (i, j). I'm going to compare (i comma j minus 1), (i comma j), and (i,j plus 1). Which means that once I've found the maximum in this row, all I'm going to look to the left and the right, and compare. I'm going to pick the left columns. If (i comma j minus 1) is greater than (i comma j)-- and similarly for the right. And if in fact I-- either of these two conditions don't fire, and what I have is (i comma j) is greater than or equal to (i comma j minus 1) and (i comma j plus 1), then I'm done. Just like I had for the 1D version. If (i comma j) is greater than or equal to (i comma j minus 1), and (i comma j plus 1), that implies (i, j) is a 2D peak. OK? And the reason that is the case, is because (i comma j) was the maximum element in that column. So you know that you've compared it to all of the adjacent elements, looking up and looking down, that's the maximum element. Now you've look at the left and the right,