sorry. Got a lot of attention. Which is that somebody put their kidney for auction on eBay. They auctioned their kidney. And they said, "I'll give you my kidney for Let the bidding start at $25,000." The bidding got up to $5 million before eBay shut it down and said, "No auctioning human body parts on eBay." Okay? Now, I don't know why they stopped at $5 million utterly, but whatever. Okay. So, we can with this example, we can ask both a positive and a normative question. The positive question is, "Why did the price get so high?" And here, we only need appeal to supply and demand model. The demand for a kidney is going to be pretty high. If you need a kidney to live, you're going to pay approximately everything you have to get it. The supply of kidneys on the free market is pretty low. Like, that was the only one I know of. Okay? So, it's a classic case of a very high demand and a very low supply, you're going to get a very high price. And so, it's not surprising the price went up and probably would have gone up further if eBay hadn't shut it down. But, now we come to the normative question, which is more interesting and harder. Which is um should we be allowed to sell our bodily organs on eBay? Okay? You might think that this is a question you're in philosophy class, but fundamentally this is an economics question. Okay? Many folks die in America because the because we do not have enough organs to help those with organ failure. We we have a limited supply of organs. I hope you all are organ donors on your driver's licenses. Doesn't cost you anything, you're gone anyway, and it can save a life. Um but um many people don't do that and uh even if they did, we're just we have a higher demand for organs than we can fit. Now, if someone who wants an organ is wealthy and willing to pay a lot of money for it. And there's someone else who says, "Look, I got two kidneys. You can function just fine with one. The odds of kidney failure is really low." Someone says, "Look, I am in desperate straits. I can't feed my family. I can't how house my family. I can sell one kidney, still function fine, and change my life forever. Educate my children, build a house, do things I need to do. Why shouldn't we let that happen? So, standard economics would say great, let them auction their body parts. But in fact there's reasons why we don't think men there's many reasons why that may not be a good outcome. What are those? What are reasons we might not want to just say, "Sure, let her rip."? What are some reasons? Yeah. kinds of reasons. The first kind is what we'll call market Market failures are something we're not going to cover for about the first 11 lectures. For the first 11 lectures, the free market is going to be king. Let me be very clear with you. Economics is fundamentally a right-wing science. Okay, as will come clear through the semester, I'm kind of a left-wing guy, but economics is pretty much a right-wing science. And a basic economics says the market knows best. And the And there's only two reasons why you should ever interfere with the market. And the first is cuz for some reason the market's not working properly. This is an example. We It would be fine if I would knowledgeably went into this transaction. But what if this turns out this can cause people to like force force their children to give up their kidney or do things against their will or other criminal activities. Um what if people don't really understand how dangerous it is to give your kidney? There's 50,000 Americans every year There's now currently about 100,000 Americans living with hepatitis C, which causes kidney failure. Hepatitis C can live dormant for years before you know you have it. What if you give up your kidney and find out you have hepatitis C? Then you're dead. So, there's lots of reasons why I think, well, maybe this market doesn't work quite as well as economists say it does. People might be misinformed. People might be people might be forced to do it. What's interesting is the black market is not necessarily one of those reasons. And here's why. Because the black market economists just say is a market. Let's say eBay doesn't allow you to sell your kidneys, so you have to go sell it on the black market. Well, if there's no other market failures, that's okay. For the same